your Dug Dug Galaxy emote got me
permanently banned in another streamer's
chat because they said it's clearly a
vagina
[Music]
virgin detected come on man you're a
totally vague if you don't see that
don't call me a [__] Virg I've had
sex I'm cool and I I've done the drugs
in sports I have sex all the time said
like someone who's never had sex if I
was a virgin could I write incredible
sex uh code like this definitely lying
we know you're a virgin Doug I remember
this one time when there was a scroll
and she totally
um you liked incredible code because you
are a vague joke's on you my code sucks
this stream is absolutely what a virgin
would be doing oh dogs eating dinner
awfully suspicious virgins do that all
the time just want to jump in to say
that there's nothing wrong with being
here thank you wait I'm not a virgin
though not a Virgo name five women
uh Obama
you know people can have sex with men
right